hello to all welcome to mac forever
so today we test the
iphone 5's performance against
the iphone 4s which was the flagship of
the range so far so for that we have
took two white models 64 giga
two and we'll see what the
new model but he his a6 chip has in
The belly
if we start with the launch of
So here mac applications that forever
actually is faster on
the iphone 5
be aware that this is about the case
on all applications
a little bit less if the application is
already started obviously then with the
new version of plans the iphone 5 is
actually a little bit faster
especially on loading maps here
in lyon after for all that is
navigation move on the maps
there is no big difference with
the 4s the only difference we see it on
the 3d no there we did not put it to you
since it's hard to do at the
hand ie also much more
fluid actually I like a lot more
frame per second
when navigating in 3d on maps
so our software that
traditionally was a lot more
fast with the new generations
iphone it was google earth is there
so compared to a 4s the difference
is not huge
it's a little bit more fluid so we
feel that there the most triple hearts makes
still a good job but on a
software that is quite greedy enough
there is no noticeable difference then
we have seen that the network is
load a little faster so there
you see on the example on the way
neither and cards that loads a lot
faster
there the two devices are also on the
same network so we do not know who has
makes the request also the first
maybe he has priority
here at the level of displacements you
see a little more fluidity on
the iphone 5 but again it remains
really to demonstrate
so still on the 3d so the test of
infinity blade game which is a game based
on the unreal engine 3 that it's part
graphic engines that are destroyed
censorship on ios and who exploit at
better 3d possibilities
so there in the game same thing we feel
than a little more image per second with
the iphone 5 but it is not very
flagrant and during the game we do not have
the impression that on the 4s is a lot
slower then one must also know that
these games there are very optimized for
each phone and so that's
normal that the gains are not either not
huge from one device to another
so here is a small example two more
launches of applications that are pretty
heavy we took the tomtom gps
europe version
so there you see very clearly on
the iphone 5 which science a lot more
quickly look at me twice more
quickly this peak then the calculations of
courses are also faster here it is
will do a little test on returning to
the address for example in the city center of
lyon so see a little bit
so the time that put the two
devices with the path you see that
the iphone 5 is almost immediate on
the iphone 4s computing time after that
on the on the gps software as
that such as we did everything to
the time it is very well optimized on
iphone 4 iphone 4s so there is no
camp difference otherwise at level 3
death is simplistic too so the
difference but especially the times of
loading depend on calculating istres
ajaccio then not on a small
software that is free called
action movie you can count one
where it's software that actually adds
effects on a video so there we go
just filming black suspend for
the administration and then after we go
add a little effect so there you have to
no object to actually calculate the image by
picture
here you see it's very very clear
the iphone 5 and I would say almost more than
twice as fast we will calculate the
scene while
the iphone 4s that's just finished and so
the end so be two videos that are
inlaid then here it is on a black background
with a car that was coming to invade
the big ones then another software of
video calculation is called vintage and puy
actually is a kind of instagram of
the video whose goal is to go
to age a sequence to go put it
in black and white had to add small
effect a little music
so we took a video we had
shot not so long ago with
the 3d logo of sculpteo and then we have
started the calculation on both devices
so here again the iphone 5 has a sacred
advance the cdu computation really gross so
it basically uses the whole
part cpu we see that May 6 true
spanking or 5 is present in the in
the 4s there again more than twice as much
fast since we still have not finished
on the side of 4s which was already
much faster than iphone 4 and that's it
the video so produced
so little demo
then we come back to a gameloft game
who are called them asphalt 6 so there
it's more to show the time of
actually loading in the game since
after after the fluidity pretty much the
even
but see here we will launch so the
part which is a chamonix circuit
so we choose his car and after
here is the iphone 5 has almost finished already
that's when on the 4s it takes
wait almost two months four
times longer
so here we wanted to make you a little
test in fact of speed on the wifi
so we went far enough from the terminal
and then we started so the test on
the iphone 4s first so there we had to 16
megabit download and then 2.6
megabit in the claude so here we have
launched one after the other for although
everyone can tap the whole gang
bandwidth
it's on the same server so the
speed should be about the same
and so you see on both
devices one morning also
15 15 like that then a little ride on the
web with the world site so
then there is effective what is
more blatant it's more the size of
the screen actually we have a lot of
things on the screen
the survival of the world Site time
loading so here if we click by
example on an article we take the same
the one about the ecologists of the day
see there seems a little faster
on the iphone 5
so after his nose on the tenth of
second
so that's the glaring compared to a
iphone 3g iphone 3gs there was there
had some difference
today we do not want to say that
the iphone 5 allow you to surf
faster on the internet
but it's actually a lot
more responsive when we go back
the page loads a little faster
here you rent with our site
There are sometimes some differences
very big pages we feel that the iphone
A little bit less
as for skrela
but otherwise it's pretty much kifkif with
the 4s here is a little bit more
responsiveness is no difference
most
so here we are done for the test of
performance comparison between
iphone 4s and iphone 5
so obviously it was not
exhaustive they are pretty subjective
depends on a lot of parameters like
network speed
but that said they give a good overview
I think performance you see it
it's basically about the calculations
heavy enough that I am today
the difference the iphone 5 is
actually twice as fast and
even sometimes three or four times more
fast following the calculations that we
request
in terms of navigation for this
that they were wandering through the menus for
what is playing the existing games
there will be no noticeable difference
before several months the time that
actually the developers
offers programs that exploits
all the graphics and
computing this iphone 5
thank you for following us on mac
forever and then we end up for the
after
very soon